h1. BioCAD

BioCAD - the little website that could


h2. Plugins Installed

h3. RESTful Authentication

RESTful Authentication is already setup. The routes are setup, along with the mailers and observers.
Forgotten password comes setup, so you don't have to mess around setting it up with every project.

The AASM plugin comes pre-installed. RESTful Authentication is also setup to use user activation.

h3. Will Paginate

We use will_paginate in pretty much every project we use, so Bort comes with it pre-installed.

h3. Rspec & Rspec-rails

You should be testing your code, so Bort comes with Rspec and Rspec-rails already installed so you're
ready to roll.

h3. Exception Notifier

You don't want your applications to crash and burn so Exception Notifier is already installed to let 
you know when everything goes to shit.

h3. Asset Packager

Packages up your css/javascript so you're not sending 143 files down to the user at the same time. Reduces
load times and saves you bandwidth.

h2. Routes

The routes for RESful Auth and the forgot password stuff are already sorted for you.

h2. Settings YAML

There is a settings.yml file that contains site-wide stuff. The site name, url and admin email are all used
in the RESTful Auth mailers, so you don't need to worry about editing them.

h2. Database YAML

The database.yml defaults to sqlite3 but also contains the settings for MySQL in comments so you can switch
over easily.

h2. Capistrano Recipe

Bort comes ready to rock capistrano. The recipe that is setup is based on using git and passenger. Edit as
you see fit.

h2. Uses the Database for Sessions

Bort is setup to use the database to store sessions by default. 

h2. Misc 

* password and password_confirmation are set up to be filtered
* there is a default application layout file
* a page title helper has been added
* index.html is already deleted
* rails.png is already deleted
* a few changes have been made to the default views
* a basic css file has been added
* a basic application.js file has been added with a few useful methods